How do you reward your team for outstanding performance? One. Import that
off. That last thing you could do? Um what the chief? Let the senior
chief Petty officer leave. Patty Oscar made recommendations on
who's performed for who deserves a 72 hour liberty chip. Good. Get them
out, Go up to the apartment and say, Hey, I want to give the master
chief a day off next morning. On what? The master chief Have 72
hours being re card for the weekend. That's one of you. Yes, you can
write up awards for your division. Good. They are be conservative in
handing out the awards because you don't want to be seen as someone
that's always riding up in a war. Just giving him out like they're
You know, Wally Pops, Then then the value of the ward is not going
to help me. It's gonna have a victorious facts because everyone wants
the scout one. Everyone's got one most about so awards and liberty
time outstanding. That's that's the one thing that you can do for your
teeth